About us
Hi, I a, a clinical nutritionist who is here to help 
everyone lead a medicine free life.
I don't believe in strict nutrtion philosophies,
staying unrealistically thin, or depriving yourself
of the food you love. Rather, I encourage the use of
food as medicine with a holistic approach.

Diet and lifestyle
1. Personalised, non resrtictive diet and lifestyle plans.
2. No exotic or expensive items only homely food.
3. No pills or supplements; only real food from your kitchen.
4. Focus on nutrtion, not just calorie counts.
5. Improve your health, no 'dieting'.

Flexible programs
1. No marketing gimmicks or sales pitch.
2. No false promises or guarantees, special attention on sustainability.
3. Programs where you don't feel like, you are on a 'diet'.
4. Maintainance guidelines included in every programme.
5. Family discounts for 2 or more.

FAQs
1. Why do I need a dietician?
    You need a dietician to lead a healthy lifestyle. 
    A dietician takes time to learn about you and your lifestyle and 
    accordingly prepares a plan that would help you to achieve 
    your ideal body goals and at the same time helps you to prevent 
    from chronic diseases like heart attack, high blood pressure and many more.
2. Does a dietician only helps with weight loss?
    No, a dietician's job not only entitles preparing diets but also 
    giving advise about lifestyle alteration if need be. Nutrifit by Kritika
    offers a variety of diet plans other than weight loss like diabetes,
    thyroid, PWS, child nutrtion and many more.
3. How to choose between different types of cooking oil?
    Each oil has its own benefits. Ideally we should change our oils 
    regularly so that we may not miss out on any benefit.

Contact us
email: NutrifitbyKritika@gmail.com  
phone: 9873829066
facebook: Nutrifit by Kritika
Instagram: Nutrifit by Kritika

Health plans
1. weight loss 
    The objective of a successful reducing diet regime are:
    >To bring about a gradual weight.
    >To supply less energy than the requirements for weight maintainance.
    >To be adequate in all other nutrients.
    >To become part of the lifestyle.
    >To provide sufficient bulk to provide sanity.
2. PCOS
    It is a common lifestyle disorder that happens in every
    one out of ten women in reproductive age and is a leading 
    cause of infertility these days.
    SIGNS- irregular/no/heavy periods, excess body and facial
    hair, acne, pelvic pain, difficulty in getting pregnant,
    patches of thick, darker and velvety skin, type 2 diabetes, obesity,
    sleep apnea, mood swings, endocrinal cancer and many more.
    AIM
    >Reducing atleast 10% of the body weight.
    >Lifestyle modifications helps a lot in reversing PCOS.
    >Reduce the level of testosterone.
3. Diabetes
    >Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder characterized by
    the decreased ability or complete inability of the tissues
    to utilize carbohydrates, accompanied by changes in 
    metabolism of fat, protein, water and electrolytes.
    >The disorder is due to a defficiency or diminished 
    effectiveness of insulin hormone.
    >The diet plan is based on the height, weight, age,
    sex, physical lifestyle and the type of diabetes.
    >The diet is given in a manner that it maintains the
    blood glucose and reduces the risk of cardiovasscular
    diseases.
    >The diet plan helps in reducing weight at the same time, 
    if overweight.
4. Menopause
    It is used to indicate the end of the period of
    possible sexual reproduction in women, as indicated 
    by the cessation of mesntrual periods.
    Ovaries stop producing oestrogen and this leads to
    oestrogen defficiency which causes short term symptoms
    or long term health issues.
    Certain modifications are needed to be done in diet 
    which helps in reducing the severity of the symptoms.
5. Thyroid
    It is of two types:
    >Hypothyroidism
    >Hyperthyroidism
    Both of them are caused by disturbance of thyroid
    gland. It is a metabolic disorder which can be reversed 
    by following certain restriction in diet and 
    few lifestyle modifications which constitutes proteins
    have worked wonders in the past.

